# jamming_electronic_harassment
jamming electronic harrasment at home, flat, outside

That would be active jammer against human radar, which cause all synthetic disease, pain, made by another frequency operate on much bigger band, microwave. You can describe that as laser which is in the hand of Navy Seal operator on the ground, marking target, and in the same time, fighters above drops, smart bomb on target, efficient is from 90% >. 

I first invest in passive shielding, and this days still combine passive shielding and active jammer based on SDR device HackRF One Card, and also have LimeSDR USB, card, and both of them are Chinese clones, because Lime but also HackRF are product from crowd funding campaigns, but HackRF are still exist, Lime are gone for years, and Lime was chipper version of URP device, which are much expensive. Biggest differences between HackRF and Lime is that hackRF one is 12bit card, uses old 2.0 v USB, which is slower comparing with Lime 3.0 USB, hackrf can do 20MS/s with 28MHz bandwidth, and Lime can do 60MS/s per TX channel (has two of them) with 120MHz bandwidth. You notice that bandwidth, it is actually area of some band that one card can cover, so 120MHz is better that 28MHz, but that again, you only need to cover HF band, or 0-30MHz. I’m focusing on jamming that „Navy Seal” operator on the ground who actually marking my body, WHOLE fucking day, never mind, if I'm on the street or back home in my flat. We will not cover here Microwave, which operate on bigger band, and thy are not of much importance for me. As human if we are targeted with microwaves, which operates on that bigger band, we will be dead already, much bigger frequency means bigger dissipation of energy, so it's very simple practice example. If you enter into big electronic store with radio devices, they operate on FM band, if you pass true the shells with radio devices, they will all start to make that nice sound of jamming, you know we have big station operate on 88.10 MHz back home, and if I turn on jammer, they will made the same sound when you passing shells with radio devices, and „Navy Seal” operator is whole day behind you marking your body with logarithmic antenna or some other direct antenna.

###[software_os](https://github.com/otpisani/jamming_electronic_harassment/blob/main/software_OS/readme.md)
###[antennas](https://github.com/otpisani/jamming_electronic_harassment/blob/main/antennas/readme.md)
[amplifiers](https://github.com/otpisani/jamming_electronic_harassment/edit/main/amplifiers/readme.txt)
[hackrf changes](https://github.com/otpisani/jamming_electronic_harassment/tree/main/SDR_cards/hackrf/changes_that_you_need_to_do)

